Choose topology at serialization at the voltage level scale (#3547)
powsybl/powsybl-core: docs/grid_exchange_formats/iidm/export.md

The default value is `NODE_BREAKER` to export all voltage levels in the same level of details than the one they are described.

**iidm.export.xml.topology-level-vl**  
The `iidm.export.xml.topology-level-vl` property is an optional property that defines the topology level to apply by the XIIDM exporter for the voltage level which ID is specified in the property name. The topology level can be:

> - `NODE_BREAKER`: the voltage levels are exported using the [Node/Breaker view](). Voltage levels described in Bus/Breaker topology are exported using the [Bus/Breaker view]().
> - `BUS_BREAKER`: all voltage levels are all exported using the [Bus/Breaker view]()
> - `BUS_BRANCH`:  all voltage levels are exported using the [Bus view]()  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NODE_BREAKER`: the voltage level which ID is specified in the property will be exported using the Node/Breaker view. If the voltage level is described in Bus/Breaker topology, it will be exported using the Bus/Breaker view (export in Node/Breaker is not possible since the voltage level has not enough details).
- `BUS_BREAKER`: the voltage level will be exported using the Bus/Breaker view
- `BUS_BRANCH`:  the voltage level will be exported using the Bus view
```

Reviewer: Deprecated (see new specification's comment)

The default value is `NODE_BREAKER` to export all voltage levels in the same level of details than the one they are described.

**iidm.export.xml.topology-level.voltage-levels.node-breaker**  
The iidm.export.xml.topology-level.voltage-levels.node-breaker property is an optional property to specify a list of voltage level IDs to be exported using the [Node/Breaker view]() by the IIDM exporter. Note: if the voltage level is described using a lower detailed topology (Bus/Breaker or Bus/Branch), it will be exported using the Bus/Breaker (or Bus/Branch) view (Node/Breaker is not possible since the voltage level has not enough details).  

**iidm.export.xml.topology-level.voltage-levels.bus-breaker**  

> The iidm.export.xml.topology-level.voltage-levels.bus-breaker property is an optional property to specify a list of voltage level IDs to be exported using the [Bus/Breaker view]() by the IIDM exporter. Note: if the voltage level is described in Bus/Branch topology, it will be exported using the Bus/Branch view (Bus/Breaker is not possible since the voltage level has not enough details).  

Reviewer: Can you remove the "note" section on this line? It is irrelevant.
